In this lecture, we'll be taking a look at test g reports.
So what our reports.
They are a document that we can use to review how our tests have performed.
For example, we may want a nice overview to see what tests have passed or failed.
But for the test have failed.
We may want to see at what step has failed at.
The ports are important because they provide both technical and non-technical people a way to interpret
the results.
Testing provides a test report, but it will be looked at more advance reports later in this course.
So here is an example of a test injury report that gets generated after a test is run and you can see
some basic information, for example, how many methods passed or failed and what's the method?
Names of those that have run.
Test and g reports are produced each time you run a test using test n g.
A huge HTML file was produced that is often named indexed or h html.
You can locate this file under the test output folder from within your project.
And you can open this file using a browser.
And I usually use Chrome.
So let's see an example of this.
In Eclipse.
I'm simply going to right click and run the class from the last lecture.
And this will simply pass and fail to methods.
Once this is done, I'm going to return to eclipse.
You can see the console says passes one, failures one.
So to access the testing report, I need to find a test output folder.
But you can't see one listed in my project.
The reason for this is we need to refresh the project.
So I'm going to do this at the highest level by right click in and then click refresh.
And on doing so, a test output folder would appear.
If I expand this, you'll see that there is an index that HTML.
And if I right click that file and then click properties.
And then if I click on this icon here, it will show it in the folder structure.
I can then double click here to open it using my browser.
And this is the testing report.
And you can see that the suite was run and within a suite in the results section.
Two methods one, one that failed and one that passed.
And the failed method was enter email and on the pass methods.
If I click on the show link, it will show you what method passed.
Now, this report also shows you the details of why the tests failed.
And we know this failed because I use the assert don't fail command which had failed the test method.
So this is how we can use test n g reports.
They're quite basic, but are also good at giving us a high level overview of how our tests performed.
Later in this course, we'll be using more advanced reporting.
But for now, I hope you found how to use test energy reports useful and have an idea of how we can
use them.
Thank you for watching.